# wireless_spoofing

As an overview, we implemented the experiment described in the paper, “PHY-Layer Spoofing Detection With Reinforcement Learning in Wireless Networks,” by Liang Xiao at the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Currently, when information is sent between two routers (to simplify let’s say a cell phone and a cell phone tower), it is simple for another device to interfere with the transmission of data by imitating the digital identity of the router receiving information (for example, information from a cell phone will go to another device imitating the identity of the cell phone tower). Following the paper, we implemented a Q-Learning algorithm using reinforcement learning to identify false imitators, based on the physical aspects of the router instead of its digital identity.

More technically:
Currently, wireless networks are vulnerable to spoofing attacks, in which a router node can claim the identity of a legitimate router, thereby interfering with the transmission of information between routers. Fortunately, there have been studies into physical layer authentication of routers, in which the physical characteristics of the routers, such as their channel states, are used for authentication for their legitimacy. However, the accuracy of the authentication process depends on the test threshold, which is difficult to predict without complete knowledge of the channel parameters in a dynamic radio environment in which spoofers can change their attack probabilities. So the question this project is attempting to solve is, “How can we detect spoofers in a dynamic environment?” In the presentation found in the document "PHY-Layer Authentication.pdf," we explain the physical-layer authentication process used in this paper, and then detail the use of reinforcement learning to change the threshold in response to a dynamic environment. In the code included, we implement this approach by translating the Q-Learning algorithm into MATLAB, using LabVIEW and NI technology.
